Add release notes for v4.9.0 (#129)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: releasenotes/releasenotes.rst

The default FHIR version of the `public Firely Server endpoint <https://server.fire.ly/>`_ is now R4.

.. _vonk_releasenotes_491:

Release 4.9.1, August 1th, 2022
-------------------------------

Fix
^^^
#. Fixed an issue with _include and _revinclude in case the (rev-)include link was pointing to an element of type "canonical" and not of type "reference".
#. "_total" was added as default parameter in the v4.9.0 release. Therefore it must be handled in a facade implementation. The Vonk.Facade.Relational package now handles the case of "_total=accurate". All other argument values must still be handled in the ISearchRepository implementation.
#. Reading the specification.zip file from a read-only disk caused an exception.

> #. Excluding the UrlMappingService from the pipeline configuration and executing an CRUD operations caused an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Excluding the UrlMappingService from the pipeline configuration and executing a CRUD operation caused an exception.
```

Feature
^^^^^^^

> #. The exposed `SMART capabilities <http://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch/conformance.html#capabilities>`_ in the .well-known/smart-configuration can now be configured in the appsettings. See SmartAuthorizationOptions.SmartCapabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The exposed `SMART capabilities <http://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch/conformance.html#capabilities>`_ in the .well-known/smart-configuration can now be configured in the appsettings. See section ``SmartAuthorizationOptions.SmartCapabilities``.
```
